README.md, before:

# G Chat - AI Programming Assistant

Aplikasi web modern berbasis AI untuk membantu tugas-tugas programming, dibangun dengan React, Vite, dan TailwindCSS. Aplikasi ini menyediakan asisten AI yang cerdas dengan dukungan OpenAI GPT-4o atau Groq Llama models.

## ✨ Fitur Utama

- 🤖 **Asisten AI Canggih**: Didukung oleh OpenAI GPT-4o atau Groq Llama models
- 💬 **Interface Chat**: UI yang indah dan responsif seperti ChatGPT
- 📝 **Riwayat Chat**: Buat, rename, hapus, dan kelola banyak percakapan
- ⚡ **Streaming Responses**: Respon AI real-time untuk alur percakapan yang natural
- 💻 **Code Highlighting**: Syntax highlighting otomatis untuk code blocks
- 📱 **Responsive Design**: Bekerja sempurna di desktop dan mobile
- 🌙 **Dark Mode**: Tema gelap modern yang nyaman untuk penggunaan lama
- 💾 **Local Storage**: Semua chat dan pengaturan disimpan lokal di browser
- 🔒 **Secure**: API key disimpan lokal, tidak pernah diekspos
- 📲 **PWA Support**: Dapat diinstall sebagai Progressive Web App

## 📦 Build untuk Production

```bash
npm run build
```

File hasil build akan ada di folder `dist`, siap untuk di-deploy.

## 🛠️ Teknologi yang Digunakan

- [React](https://react.dev/) - UI Framework
- [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/) - Build Tool
- [TailwindCSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) - Styling

## 📝 Catatan

Aplikasi ini memerlukan API key (dari user atau via backend proxy) dengan kredit yang cukup. Anda bertanggung jawab atas biaya penggunaan API.

---

**Dibuat oleh [Gimnas Irwandi](https://instagram.com/_gmns)**

Commit message:

Sederhanakan README.md - hanya berisi features, license, dan acknowledgments

README.md, after:

# GAI Chat - AI Programming Assistant

A modern, ChatGPT-like web application built with React, Vite, and TailwindCSS. This application provides an intelligent AI programming assistant powered by OpenAI's GPT-4o or Groq's Llama models, with features like streaming responses, code syntax highlighting, chat history management, and more.

## ✨ Features

- 🤖 **Advanced AI Assistant**: Powered by OpenAI GPT-4o or Groq Llama models with intelligent system prompts for programming tasks
- 💬 **Chat Interface**: Beautiful, responsive UI similar to ChatGPT
- 📝 **Chat History**: Create, rename, delete, and manage multiple chat conversations
- ⚡ **Streaming Responses**: Real-time streaming of AI responses for natural conversation flow
- 💻 **Code Highlighting**: Automatic syntax highlighting for code blocks with copy functionality
- 📱 **Responsive Design**: Works seamlessly on desktop and mobile devices
- 🌙 **Dark Mode**: Modern dark theme optimized for extended use
- 💾 **Local Storage**: All chats and settings stored locally in your browser
- 🔒 **Secure API Key**: API key stored locally, never exposed in source code
- 🚀 **Proxy Mode**: Optional backend proxy for public use without requiring API keys

## 📄 License

This project is open source and available for personal and commercial use.

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- Built with [React](https://react.dev/)
- Styled with [TailwindCSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)
- Bundled with [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/)
- Owner Gimnas Irwandi [Instagram](https://instagram.com/_gmns)

---

**Note**: This application requires an API key (either user-provided or via backend proxy) with sufficient credits. You are responsible for any API usage costs.
